Below is the research i have done:

Research information
Save the Children protects and fights for the rights of children. The 
foundation ensures that a healthy start at a great education. The 
foundation doesn’t spare any expense when it comes to the education of 
the kids it its care. The Save the Children story is and will always be 
one of hope and deeply passionate and committed people, determined to 
ensure the world is a better place for all our children.
It began with one woman who changed the world’s response to children in 
need. On the 19 May in the year 1919 a woman by the name of Eglantyne 
Jebb began a worldwide movement – that movement was the Save the Children 
Fund. She was always driven by the belief that all children have the right 
to a healthy, happy and fulfilling life. 
The Save The Children fund started their work in South Africa in 1944 and 
their families in some of the smallest and most in need communities. Save 
the children South Africa was formed in 2013 the fund was used to fight for 
local children and their rights. Save the Children South Africa became an 
official member of the Save the Children International this is thanks to the 
merger of many Save the Children funds such as Gauteng, Save the Children UK 
and Save the Children Sweden, Save the Children KwaZulu-Natal.
The Save the children organisation believe that all children and adolescents 
have the right to a decent present and future. At this organisation we believe 
that their needs and voices must be heard. Lasting results for millions of children 
and adolescents have been achieved, this included children and adolescents that are 
difficult to reach. We aim to ensure all kids around the world are having their voices 
heard. The kids all deserve to have a great education and great life. 




Social media 
Instagram 
On the websites social media accounts such as Instagram, I could see that 
they post images daily. In the images people can see images of the kids that 
are part of the foundation across the world. You can all see photos of the 
institutions across the world.
Twitter 
When you log in to their twitter account or x you will see that they post daily 
information that tells us about all the events across the world. It also provides 
the viewer with daily images off the foundations.
 



Events
On 1 December - they will be hosting a clean up day this clean up day will be good 
because it will clean up in areas where children and their families live.
On the 12 December – Their will be a game night for all the kids and their families 
it will be exciting bring whatever game you want.
On the 20th of December – Raffle Day there will be raffle but to take part in the 
raffle you will need to pay R100 if you win you get R1000.
On the 24th of December – There will be a trivia night to enter you will need to 
pay R20 and if you win you get R150

All this will take place at each of our faculties in South Africa.




